Add docsify-sitemap – sitemap generator for Docsify via web, CLI, or GitHub Actions (#315)
docsifyjs/awesome-docsify: README.md

- :hatching_chick:[docsify-Preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dzylikecode.docsify-preview):penguin: - A VSCode extension for previewing docsify markdown files in VSCode. Supports auto-refresh, sync scroll, open the Markdown from the preview, open the preview in the default browser.:mushroom:
- [create-docsify-plugin](https://github.com/corentinleberre/create-docsify-plugin) - A ready-to-use template to create your own Docsify plugin from scratch.
- [try-docsify](https://github.com/alertbox/devcontainers-try-docsify) - A ready to go [docsify-template](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify-template) repo powered by [Dev Containers](https://containers.dev) that requires no build steps.

> - [docsify-sitemap](https://github.com/tenelabs/docsify-sitemap) – Instantly generate structured sitemaps for your Docsify projects. Use it via the [web app](https://tenelabs.github.io/docsify-sitemap/), the CLI, or automate it with [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/tenelabs/docsify-sitemap#automated-github-action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docsify-sitemap](https://github.com/tenelabs/docsify-sitemap) - Instantly generate structured sitemaps for your Docsify projects. Use it via the [web app](https://tenelabs.github.io/docsify-sitemap/), the CLI, or with an [automated workflow](https://github.com/tenelabs/docsify-sitemap#automated-github-action).

```

- :hatching_chick:[docsify-Preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dzylikecode.docsify-preview):penguin: - A VSCode extension for previewing docsify markdown files in VSCode. Supports auto-refresh, sync scroll, open the Markdown from the preview, open the preview in the default browser.:mushroom:
- [create-docsify-plugin](https://github.com/corentinleberre/create-docsify-plugin) - A ready-to-use template to create your own Docsify plugin from scratch.
- [try-docsify](https://github.com/alertbox/devcontainers-try-docsify) - A ready to go [docsify-template](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify-template) repo powered by [Dev Containers](https://containers.dev) that requires no build steps.

> - [docsify-sitemap](https://github.com/tenelabs/docsify-sitemap) - Instantly generate structured sitemaps for your Docsify projects. Use it via the [web app](https://tenelabs.github.io/docsify-sitemap/), the CLI, or with an [automated workflow](https://github.com/tenelabs/docsify-sitemap#automated-github-action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docsify-sitemap](https://github.com/tenelabs/docsify-sitemap) - Instantly generate structured sitemaps for your Docsify projects. Use it via the [web app](https://tenelabs.github.io/docsify-sitemap/), the CLI, or automate it with GitHub Actions.
```
